Since the beginning,
beings loved to gaze at the stars.
They even found shapes in them.
Pincho. Scratchi. Swimbu. Dupes.
Beings mapped every bright light
they could see in the night sky.
But the brightest lights
are not stars at all.
Our two moons.
"MOON" stands for
"Miniature Orb Orbiting Nearby."
Left orb, or "Lorb" for short,
orbits our planet like this.
While Rorb, right orb, orbits it like so.
Once every 15 trips around our star,
these two moons align with our planet
and create a spectacular eclipse.
It's widely said that these two moons
in alignment can cause erratic behavior
and will coincide
with an unexpected alignment
in your personal life.
And it all happens today because it's...
Double Shadow Day!
Here's our orb
It's slightly leaning
Orbiting a star
We find ways to give life meaning
Some might seem bizarre
All we know is that we exist
And it won't be for long
So it helps to put some foot tubes on
Joy and sadness, courage and fear
Curiosity and anger
On a planet full of danger
And it's only getting stranger
From here
I'm so glad you could do a morning date
before work.
Are you kidding? I wish I could just spend
the whole day here.
Gelatinous predator?
They're delicious,
but they stick to my mouthstones.
The eclipse isn't visible from--
Uh-oh.
Okay, sorry.
They told me that might happen.
I'm gonna read the rest myself.
"The eclipse isn't visible
from everywhere.
There's a double shadow zone,
which happens to run
through our very own Beingsburg.
If you zoom in, the best, best place
in the city to see
the Double Shadow Day eclipse
is the cliffside restaurant, Careful Now."
Hey. That's us.
We just held our limbshake there.
It was a blast.
Gotta skip the rest
'cause there's another group coming in.
Wow, we're busy today. Dismissed.
Do you have time
to see a few more exhibits?
Absolutely.
This has been really fun.
I was just thinking about times
your face has been close to mine.
You catalog these moments?
Yes.
I would mouth push you, if you--
Hey, secure a chamber.
I should probably
head into the restaurant.
The structural engineer is doing
one last inspection
to make sure it doesn't fall off
the cliff today.
But I'll see you there a little later.
This is terrifying.
It is. But knowing we could perish
is part of the allure.
Well, you've lost your foot tubes.
I did it!
Did what?
I have wanted to find a safer way
into the crevasse for revolutions.
It is magnificent. Come look at this.
I can see it from here.
It's just a step down.
I don't think any being has been
down there before. It's spectacular.
I will admit, this is very impressive.
Were you scared?
A little.
And do we feel confident
that your latest structural reinforcements
to the restaurant
will support our larger crowd
and keep us from falling
into the crevasse tonight?
Yes. I confirmed that Careful Now
can hold more beings than ever
- from the plateau we found.
- A plateau!
That sounds like the perfect place
to set up my fireworks
- for tonight's festivities.
- What do you mean?
I am putting together a light display
for beings to enjoy
while they enjoy tonight's display
of no light.
- I wouldn't do that.
- For several reasons.
Why not?
There's no better way to celebrate
an event than by littering the air.
I would leave it alone down there.
See ya later.
And stop by my house
at your earliest convenience.
You got a piece of mail
that looks intriguing.
I didn't open it
so as not to invade your privacy.
But I did read who it's from.
The Cocoslab Island
Hospitality Learnstitution.
Only the most prestigious
hospitality education on the whole orb.
Oh, yes. I applied to their program,
but I doubt I've been accepted. I just--
Open the letter! Read it to me!
To me.
"We are pleased to inform you
that you've been accepted"-- Oh, my Lorb!
You're in. This is significant.
This is what I've always wanted.
And?
And I can't believe I actually got in.
But?
But I just went on my first date
in a very long time with...
Table 16.
The signals have always been strong.
Two positive developments,
and I want both of them.
Your answer will come.
My advice? Go explore the orb
and have new experiences.
This life will always be waiting for you,
should you decide to return.
Or maybe it won't. Who knows?
Well, I'm off to set up my illuminations.
Bye-bye.
This feels incredibly dangerous.
All we have to do is place the fireworks
in line along the edge.
They will all be connected
to this remote control.
And when the time is right,
I hit that button and...
Uh-oh. A firework must have
already been connected.
Well, I'm sure it's fine.
Uh-oh again.
Now I understand the warnings.
- Hi. I got your text.
- Hi.
So, you know how I mentioned applying
to the learnstitution on Cocoslab Island?
Of course.
Well, I got in.
- You got in. Congratulations!
- Gratitude.
That's really great.
When would you have to leave?
I haven't accepted yet.
I see.
If I am speaking from the blood pump,
it will make me sad if you leave.
But I'll understand.
I really enjoy our time together.
Me too. I'm conflicted.
That's not good.
I thought you said you'd understand.
Turn around.
Is something on fire?
I'm sure no one will even notice.
- This is very worrisome.
- You're always worried.
- What is going on?
- You're always confused.
This ominous fog spewing from the crevasse
is coming towards Careful Now.
If it blocks out the sky,
the event will be ruined.
Such a downer.
- Oh, Lorb.
- No Lorb?
- And no Rorb?
- Okay!
It was me.
One of the fireworks exploded prematurely
and created a hole in the crevasse
that is continuously releasing
all this fog.
There's no time to tell you I told you so.
I'll do it. I told you so.
You told me. But they're fireworks.
Come on.
We need to plug the source of the leak
and stop the fog
from blocking Rorb and Lorb.
This is a once-in-every-
fifteen-revolutions occurrence.
Careful Now cannot go down in history
disappointing hundreds of beings
during Beingsburg's biggest celebration.
Haven't they been disappointed enough
by our sustenance?
Let's make a plan.
- Phase one.
- We need to seal the hole in the crevasse.
Any ideas of a substance
that could fill such an odd location?
What about gelatinous predators?
I love that. Brilliant!
Is that a real suggestion?
That was the first thing
that came to mind.
- Bad idea. Not helpful.
- We're running out of time.
- What are they talking about?
- Just weird.
No. What if we use Careful Now's
scalding hot plaster-like jitter liquid
to melt down the gelatinous predators
and create
a disgusting hodgepodge sealant?
Any better ideas?
It's not a good idea,
but it is our only idea. Let's try it?
I'll brew a fresh pot.
Phase two. I'll create a diversion
to prevent our guests
from possible disappointment.
Okay. That leaves--
- Phase three!
- Taking the disgusting hodgepodge,
hanging off the cliff
and pouring it into the hole.
You know we can do it.
Well, that settles it.
I'll get the steppy-speakies.
It's nice to see everyone coming together
to solve a problem we all created.
Phase one, you're a go.
I just-- I can't be the reason
they don't go to learnstitution,
but I want them to stay.
I've never liked a being this much before.
Well, they clearly like you too.
It's very sweet
and also sometimes annoying
for the rest of the staff.
I have no experience
with faraway relationships.
Are they even possible?
Will they meet a new being
at learnstitution
who does not sneeze
around their vibrating creature
and forget about me?
Being far away
makes the blood pump expand.
I lived far away from my sibling
and missed them so much.
Then I moved here to be close to them,
and now I get annoyed
by how loudly they slurp soup.
I think I lost track of the conversation.
I'm just saying,
this could be a good thing.
For a little while.
I know. You are right.
Love is a complicated beast, isn't it?
I have no idea.
Okay, jitter liquid is all done.
Here, take this down to the cliff.
Check out that pink cloud.
Let's watch it
and see how much higher it's gonna get.
The patrons are starting
to notice the fog.
Phase two. Activate.
Gratitude for nothing.
I'm not putting up with this anymore.
Quick. Let's capture that drama.
Hey, everybody,
double shadow drama happening here.
We can't argue in front of the patrons.
- It's unappetizing.
- Well, where should we argue then?
The kitchen.
Are they all observing us?
Yes, I think so.
How are you feeling about your dilemma?
Not great. I'm leaning
towards going to learnstitution,
and I'm dreading telling
my new romantic friend.
The moons really do
cause erratic behavior.
This argument makes no sense.
That's life.
Sometimes you have to do hard things.
I know.
Distractions are clearly
not our strong suit, but it's working.
- How's it looking out there?
- That bought us some time.
Lorb, that fog is relentless.
Let's do this.
Time for phase three.
So.
Gelatinous predators, huh? You were right.
I still have some stuck in my mouthstones.
Yeah. This morning was really fun.
I like you.
I like you too.
Are you any closer to making a decision?
Stop flirting and start mixing.
Wanna create a gross concoction with me?
I do.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
This is disgusting, and it's perfect.
You two make a great team.
- The fog's ruining our experience.
- How are we gonna see the double shadow?
We're losing 'em.
Whatever you all are gonna do,
you better do it fast.
- That should do it.
- It's working.
We did it.
- Yes!
- All right.
- It's still coming.
- Oh, no.
It was a valiant effort,
but the sealant hardened.
And with the increased pressure,
fog is shooting around it.
And directly up here in front of our view.
- What a bummer.
- Let's get out of here.
They're starting to leave.
We need to cork up those gaps.
Anyone have any ideas?
Maybe-- If we--
I've got an absurd idea.
Meet me in the crevasse
with the backup generator.
Here at Careful Now,
there's a startling development.
A pink fog has completely obscured
our view of the eclipse.
But on a positive note,
I'm here with the orb-famous rockers,
The Infinite Sensations. Can I get a word?
A friend here called us
to say there's a chill fog,
and we came to take a rad photo
of our band for our next album cover.
Hopefully the fog doesn't interfere
with Double Shadow Day.
Is that today?
Press every button.
All the buttons.
Uh-oh. Look out!
Okay.
Watch it!
Higher up.
- I got you. There we go. Higher?
- Come on. Higher.
- Uh-huh. More verticality?
- Come on. Aim higher.
- Flip floppers, do your thing!
- More.
- How's it going?
- Need to be more up.
- Push higher.
- Yeah.
I should've bought the newer model.
Here we go!
Yeah. Flop away.
They're getting in there. I see it.
You need to wash these foot tubes.
Slipping. I can't hold it.
- The flip floppers.
- Did we get it?
- Did it work?
- I don't know.
Disappointment hangs in the air,
as does this mysterious pink fog.
With the clock ticking down,
what is your reaction?
Well, I went ahead and stained my skin
with an image of us under the eclipse,
so I really hope we see it.
Did you think that was a bit premature?
Look. Everyone, come back!
Breaking.
It appears the fog is finally lifting.
We did it!
- Great work, pal.
- Couldn't have done it without you.
- Cheers.
We make a great team.
I'm glad we didn't ruin Double Shadow Day
for everybody.
We?
Beings are delighted.
There are cheers and hollers
from this very large and patient crowd.
Double Shadow Day.
I'll let you two talk while I go over here
and pretend not to listen.
So, have you made a decision?
Yes.
I'm going.
Apologies. It's always been my dream.
Does this mean there's no hope
for our relationship?
Of course there's hope.
It's just bad timing.
If there was a way to do both,
I would do it.
Well, my whole life
I've traveled all over.
I could always come visit?
They do have direct flights
to Cocoslab Island every day.
And I've always wanted to go there.
Wow.
You still have gelatinous predators stuck
in there.
- There you two are.
- Greets.
Greets.
We were just talking
about my big decision.
And?
I think it is meeting somewhere
in the middle.
I really like them.
- I think they can hear you.
- Thank you.
You gonna be okay without me?
I think so.
Someone just got a vocational upgrade.
You're looking
at the new manager in training.
Your job will always be here
if you want it.
So we'd both be managers.
Sure, no idea.
To my brilliant,
unflappable,
charming,
unpredictable friends.
Hi. We were asked to play a song
as the eclipse happens,
because we are famous.
Our lives go around
In orbiting spheres
Whether moving closer or further away
Until the next great phase
Of our existence appears
Like the moons up high
On this shadowy day
And just like shadows
We're changing nonstop
- Never too far behind
Connected to each other
Like a powerful glomrock
- In the highlights of our mind
- Always on our mind
- It's love that keeps us close
- It's love
And this connection floats on love
- Falls over us
- Like starshine from above
- It's care
- We care
That will bond us everywhere
- Ease the heart like a comfort square
Our special link that is always there
- We will always share our love
- Always connected through our love
We will always share our love
So, I'll see you in a few weeks.
They've gotten used to you.
I'm going to miss them.
But not the way they make
my eyeholes sting.
I'm gonna miss you more though.
I'm gonna miss you too.
Gratitude for all your support.
There's a really unique soil I would love
for you to sample there.
I'll sprinkle some dirt on a postcard.
Hey, thanks for taking me under your wing.
It was one of my best decisions.
And hiring you was one of mine.
Along with this.
- That's permanent.
- That's interesting placement.
That's my cue.
Last call for all beings boarding
flight 334 to Cocoslab Island.
Salutations.
- Greets.
- Looks like we will be cohabitating here.
Looks like it. It's nice to meet you.
It is nice to meet you as well.
The outer void scares me.
An endless dark expanse
totally unexplored, and here we are,
just tiny specks doing our best
to make sense of it all.
Do you think any of this matters?
Of course. The purpose
of life is to give life purpose.
We're given this beautiful opportunity
to connect with each other.
Like my connection with your manager.
What do you think they're doing right now?
They're eating flip floppers
out of the crack in the crevasse?
That's oddly specific and impossible.
No. Sorry. Look.